Problem/Data Domain
Your proposal will contain a short description of the topic domain and the information/data you'll be presenting, explaining the problem to someone who doesn't know anything about it! Your description should include enough information to:

Provide an overview of the general topic or question of interest (e.g., "what is meant by 'homelessness' and why is it a particular problem in Seattle?").
Identify an information technology problem in that space (e.g., "what information problems related to homelessness are unaddressed?").
Identify at least 1 previous or existing attempt to solve this problem (e.g., "what other web apps attempt to address homelessness? What has already been tried?")
In short: let us know what you are interested in, and identify a problem that you think needs solving (and that might be amenable to a technological intervention) while also considering what has come before.

While social injustices are the problems most worth attacking, your project could also address smaller, or more personal "problems". What is something that makes your life worse, and that you think that a web app might be able to help with?
This description should be 1-2 paragraphs (~150-250 words) in length. Your overview should explain "what" the problem is and "why" it needs addressing (including why any currently existing apps are insufficient). You will need to include references to other resources to help clarify your explanation of this problem.

Our group is interested in where the different bike racks on campus are. Many people bike to campus and need places to park their bikes. We have decided to focus on the lack of public information about the different locations of bike racks on campus. While a seasoned campus-biker may know where their favorite places to park, somebody who is new to campus may not know where to park their bike. For example, the first time Alex biked to campus, he followed google maps to a lecture hall on the quad, but there was no bike rack nearby. If he had been able to have an application that would have showed him where the bike racks on campus were, he would have just had google maps route him to the bike rack closest to his lecture hall. Similar solutions have been done before, such as a map of every bike rack in downtown seattle, populated by information from a dataset of the bike rack locations, and information about them. There have also been other applications that allow users to upload bike rack locations. But nothing of the sort has been done for the UW campus. We hope to be the ones to solve this problem in a manner that is catered for huskies.